# Job interview questions for 79253

## Background

The purpose of this repository is to provide material for brief skill test for
applicants to 79253.  For reference, this is the job description:

The Institute for Gravitation and the Cosmos at The Pennsylvania State
University seeks to hire one or more wage payroll laboratory assistants to
develop software and web services in support of real-time gravitational wave
searches with LIGO.  The ideal candidate would be expected to work with
faculty, staff scientists, postdoctoral scholars, and students to develop
scalable cyberinfrastructure for real-time data analysis that covers areas such
as: real-time data distribution, signal processing, streaming data processing,
database design, web service design, web site design, job workflow design, and
smart systems monitoring.   Competency in some or all of C, Python Java,
javascript, html, bash, SQL, and other common scripting languages is required.
Pay rate is dependent on experience and performance.  Candidates that are a
good fit will be asked to provide professional references. Please submit a
cover letter that addresses how you believe your experience is a good match for
this position along with a resume electronically to https://psu.jobs/job/79253
and copy the application materials in an email to institute@gravity.psu.edu
with the job number 79253 in the subject line. 

## Interview question:

This repository contains a python program called data_gen.  Execute it and it
will produce a file called "data.txt" with two columns.  The first column is a
time stamp in GPS seconds. The second column is a quanity called SNR.
Calculate the mean, median and max of SNR over 1 second data blocks, 10 second
data blocks and 100 second data blocks for the entire dataset.  Create a figure
(or multiple figures) to visualize this data.  Create a webpage to present your
findings.


